Stepper: describe API (#7166)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxStepper/1 Configuration/hoverStateEnabled.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies whether the UI component changes its state when a user pauses on it.

Reviewer: Is my edit correct? I assume the property applies certain CSS rules to the component in hover state. And that this is similar to the `activeStateEnabled` property. Maybe we need to add a Description section that uses some text from `activeStateEnabled`? 

```suggestion
Specifies whether the UI component changes its appearance when a user hovers it.
```

> Specifies whether the UI component changes its appearance when a user hovers it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies whether the UI component changes its appearance when a user hovers over it.
```
